Various smaller lua_api documentation updates (#13240)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

Modifiers that accept texture names (e.g. `[combine`) accept escaping to allow
passing complex texture names as arguments. Escaping is done with backslash and
is required for `^`, `:` and `\`.

Example: `cobble.png^[lowpart:50:color.png\^[mask\:trans.png`

> Or as Lua string: `"cobble.png^[lowpart:50:color.png\\^[mask\\:trans.png"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or as a Lua string: `"cobble.png^[lowpart:50:color.png\\^[mask\\:trans.png"`
```

    * The player needs to be online for this to be successful.

* `minetest.get_auth_handler()`: Return the currently active auth handler

>     * Must be called *after* load time, returns `nil` otherwise

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it otherwise return `core.builtin_auth_handler`?

(Still, it's probably good to tell to only call this after the auth handler is properly set up (as long as the modder doesn't know what they're doing). :+1:)

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/minetest/minetest/blob/b7359f5fa93f531986c86b1ced20bb4584593b0a/builtin/game/auth.lua#L163-L165 btw..

Something like this:
```suggestion
    * Must be called *after* load time, to ensure that any custom auth handler was
      already registered.
```

* `set_float(key, value)`
* `get_float(key)`: Returns `0` if key not present.
* `get_keys()`: returns a list of all keys in the metadata.
* `to_table()`:
    * Returns metadata as a metadata table (see below), if possible

>     * Return `nil` on failure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Returns `nil` on failure
```

* `from_table(data)`
    * Imports metadata from a metadata table
    * If `data` is a metadata table (see below),
      the metadata it represents will replace all metadata

>       of this MetaDataRef object

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason why you're using so short lines?

    * Any non-table value for `data` will clear all metadata
    * Returns `true` on success
* `equals(other)`
    * returns `true` if this metadata has the same key-value pairs as `other`

### Metadata tables

A MetaDataRef can be converted to and from a metadata table,
which is metadata represented in a table form. It is used
to serialize and deserialize metadata.
The methods `from_table` and `to_table` use metadata tables, as
well as a few callback functions.

A metadata table is a table that has the following keys:

* `fields`: key-value storage of metadata fields
    * all values are stored as strings
    * numbers must be converted to strings first
* `inventory` (for NodeMetaRef only): A node inventory in table form
    * inventory table keys are inventory list names
    * inventory table values are item tables
    * item table keys are slot IDs (starting with 1)
    * item table values are itemstrings

>     * empty item slots *must* be `""`

Reviewer 2: Anything convertible to an ItemStack is fine for `from_table` (i.e. also an ItemStack, a table or `nil`). (Even `nil` should be fine, as `read_items` iterates with `lua_next`. Maybe discourage it though.)

For `to_table`, it should be ItemStacks, as `push_items` calls `LuaItemStack::create`. I haven't tested though.

Reviewer 2: Also, the description could be simpler here, i.e.:
```
* `inventory` is a table that maps listnames to itemlists
* An itemlists is a list of `ItemStack`s, or anything convertible to it. The index (beginning at 1) specifies the inventory list slot.
```

Example:

    metadata_table = {
        -- metadata fields (key/value store)
        fields = {

>             infotest "Container",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            infotest = "Container",
```

* `set_float(key, value)`
* `get_float(key)`: Returns `0` if key not present.
* `get_keys()`: returns a list of all keys in the metadata.
* `to_table()`:

>     * Returns metadata as a metadata table (see below), if possible
>     * Returns `nil` on failure

Reviewer 3: What does "if possible" refer to? When it it not possible? Proposed alternative:

```suggestion
    * Returns a Metadata table (see below) or `nil` on failure.
```

* `from_table(data)`
    * Imports metadata from a metadata table
    * If `data` is a metadata table (see below), the metadata it represents
      will replace all metadata of this MetaDataRef object
    * Any non-table value for `data` will clear all metadata
    * Returns `true` on success
* `equals(other)`
    * returns `true` if this metadata has the same key-value pairs as `other`

### Metadata tables

A MetaDataRef can be converted to and from a metadata table,
which is metadata represented in a table form. It is used
to serialize and deserialize metadata.
The methods `from_table` and `to_table` use metadata tables, as

> well as a few callback functions.

Reviewer 3: What do you mean by "a few callback functions"? I do not understand what you want to say with the second part of this sentence.

> A MetaDataRef can be converted to and from a metadata table,
> which is metadata represented in a table form. It is used
> to serialize and deserialize metadata.
> The methods `from_table` and `to_table` use metadata tables, as
> well as a few callback functions.

Reviewer 3: Wouldn't this short introduction suffice?

```suggestion
Metadata tables represent MetaDataRef in a Lua table form (see `from_table`/`to_table`).
```

A metadata table is a table that has the following keys:

* `fields`: key-value storage of metadata fields
    * all values are stored as strings
    * numbers must be converted to strings first
* `inventory` (for NodeMetaRef only): A node inventory in table form

>     * inventory table keys are inventory list names
>     * inventory table values are item tables
>     * item table keys are slot IDs (starting with 1)
>     * item table values are ItemStacks or anything convertible to it

Reviewer 3: "ItemStacks or anything convertible to it" is not reliable information. They *are* ItemStacks. Suggestion:

```suggestion
    * Key: string, name of the inventory list
    * Value: list of `ItemStack`, same as `InvRef:get_list`
```

        -- Warning: making a liquid node 'floodable' will cause problems.

        preserve_metadata = function(pos, oldnode, oldmeta, drops),
        -- Called when `oldnode` is about be converted to an item, but before the
        -- node is deleted from the world or the drops are added. This is
        -- generally the result of either the node being dug or an attached node
        -- becoming detached.
        -- * `pos`: node position
        -- * `oldnode`: node table of node before it was deleted

>         -- * `oldmeta` metadata of node before it was deleted, as a metadata table
>         -- * `drops` is a table of `ItemStack`s, so any metadata to be preserved can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        -- * `oldmeta`: metadata of node before it was deleted, as a metadata table
        -- * `drops`: a table of `ItemStack`s, so any metadata to be preserved can
```
